In previous sessions, I told you all the basic concepts of Java and we created the basic structures
are three basic classes inside Java bursted server.
Second is blank and third is Japanese.
So hope you understand this, but you can create one package elsewhere and you can use that also here
where I'm going with directly like this.
So let us see what we are going to do here now.
So first of all, what I am going to mention is there some unique IDs and private variables to establish
the connection?
So first is basically unique ID for each connection, like I'm going considering here two or three clients
or time are for the connection.
Glenn means user again.
So for each connection, we need to create unique for that purpose.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to mention a private.
Static, I'm using it, static you were.
Standing in.
Unique ID.
Also, new green color, as you can see here, because we haven't in this part.
And.
OK.
We haven't used that, but then.
I'm considering here as a realist.
So what is the ad basically composed of, at least you can consider like that single database inside
the list to keep?
List of all clients.
So what I'm going to create is here again, private.
Released.
So it will involve this part, let me do one thing is we do this before levity, at least.
Which is basically I'm going to create easier.
Lion.
Trade.
I haven't mentioned the client, read an excerpt of our ship let in later, but I will explain what
is the client religion and everything here.
Now, to display time when that is mentioned, what I'm going to do is we're.
Private, there is one default symbol date format, which realistically did.
Is DfI mentioning it or it's impolitic for me?
Then.
World connection.
Is also a private.
In.
AUD.
Jake said, what is an inning or not?
I'm going to create criticize Boolean Boolean variable.
Again, it should be private.
Always private Boolean.
Keep.
I'm mentioning you just keep going.
As we embark and notification is basically nothing, but you can say the.
What?
If you have seen some, well, what we can see notification tape.
We can in this.
Considering is star two stars, three stars before any notification.
So this is all about how we can do so, this setup in the server basically so I mean, all things here.
I will tell you what is planted in later part.
But remember this?
Now let one constructed yet.
Constructeur.
Instructed to.
Do you see the.
Or.
Listen, I will tell you what is listening and each and every part who for.
Connection to.
So I will mention it will be the.
There is concern this only.
So the board basically forced this, Don.
OK, OK.
Let me mention first.
Public server default constructor, I'm considering it is in important.
Then.
The board is basically this not all is equal to all.
Display.
They.
Or the displaying it, what I'm going to create here is DFA.
Is equal to new.
Simple format you have to mention, and in turn this year to mention it or whatever would mean we need.
Then second, can automate.
As I mentioned, so this is basically the pattern.
We need to create at least also here, because I'm mentioning it.
At least for.
Clients.
And is equal to new.
And copy this part because.
He's very.
Similar.
And I'm going to use this one, so I will tell you what is we are going to create here and each and
everything.
So this is all about a basic set of summer.
So I will explain everything with this socket and each and everything.
So remember what I did this year?
I created some materials or you can see defined things here.
First is unique ID with each and everything unique ID for each connection.
You need it.
Then I created a released, which consists of clients, I will tell you how we can create client reading.
Each and everything is basically name as a symbol that informant to mention the date and date format
here then.
But I read it basically for the word connection, then server running to check server is running or
not.
I'm going to do it here.
William want keep going in against Bing to create a notification before any message ought to be before
anything.
I'm creating a notification bar.
So this is all things I did not.
What we can say only in private, only private, because for the what we can to obstruction bubbles,
no one can change this part.
Then in public, I'm consulting the constructor to decide what to listen, basically, which is public
service input in this, but I must indirectly then displayed it and I relish for the clients.
So this is all about how we can create each and everything.
So in the final part, I will tell you what is the basic document each and every?
So now we are set up with our basic things.
So let us consider what is teams we are going to use.
So we are considering you as a socket.
What is this awkward?
You know, the electric socket, each and every plug has the socket you need to put inside the socket,
basic electric socket.
Or we can say electric supplies will get similarly Socrates of one endpoint of two way communication
link between two programs running on the network.
So server and client server has some socket inside that.
But using a port and server address, I'm going to create your socket.
What plans will do clients will plug there for on that socket, and it will be throughout the network.
So using such mechanism, I'm going to create a communication link between many clients or clients and
sort of with the socket mechanism provides internal process communication IPC by establishing named
as a contact point between two communication.
We we I can mention the name for that on the communication also.
So this is the basic thing of socket so we can create the socket insert server.
We are going to create socket insert server only.
No need to create a socket.
Insert Glenn, because we are providing a client interface or we can say we are providing a user interface
for clients and do not.
We are going to create server part here.
So for that purpose, we are going to create socket insert on server.
Here I am considering PCB protocol, what is the ECB protocol in networking?
User transmission control for proper protocol is basically that user top of IP IP address to ensure
the transmission of packets.
So all the data, all we are going to use it is converted into by converting to package, it will display
to another plant, so likely that it will create and possibly include some mechanisms, like if lost
or packet out of order to evacuate corrupted packets.
It has emerged that part and also Java uses that part.
So what is the listening is basically ECB listening is basically sort of what is waiting for the clients
to connect.
That part is listening.
So for that purpose, I created a Boolean variable keep going.
That is myself.
What is running them?
You can use that part.
But you can see you can connect any claim to that excellent.
So the basic for the server or we can see it is a simple thing like I created a socket inside server.
No, the socket I create socket, which consists of many ports and mini grants.
You use that part or you can use that socket.
And no matter what is like on the network, any client can take that part.
So this is all about all the things.
So what is the server?
And Glenn's basically sort of what is basically you can see a system which consists all the server side
code client had some client side could load the internet.
We can connect that server to, I can see, tell you that this is the socket for all creating or connecting
the client to the server.
So what is the team behind this whole trade system is going to work if my client one is riding on this,
it will go to the internet.
It will go to the server server will use that and check that which clients he wants to or she wants
to do that, saying that it will check if it's for all.
It will go to the on.
If not, it will go to the that particular client.
And then that second client is also connected using the same socket, but different or the same socket
or within the same port, each and everything.
But the part all connection is different, like connecting to three wires inside same socket, you can
see an electrical pipe.
Similarly, I'm going to do this.
So these are all about the server client I'm going to consider.
I'm not considering using this mobile device what I did here, but I'm not creating any mobile device
interface on anything.
So PCBs are workplan process, I mean, explain, but what is this gland processing sort of what causes?
Because as a multithreading part, as I told you, we can run many processes, you know, Java or we
can run mini programs inside of your own.
So this is sort of a process and clean process degradable.
So Glanville's is considering socket layer, protocol layer, device layer so you can see and can use
such parts.
And I can connect plan to the server and I can connect the mini glands.
Flexible part of the connection of Manicaland.
I'm going to use your multi-threading part.
So let us see how we can create such things in Shangela.
So for more, as I told you inside server program, I already created this.
No, I need to mention a public word start.
So I will explain what is.
The basic thing is here is.
Start.
So what is public it started is basically starting my process, no, my mentioning keep going is equal
to two, because it should be.
So world is like life is basically like it's running.
No.
I am going to create a socket.
So could silver.
And wait for connection.
Request, I'm going to wait for connection request.
No, always remember creator, try catch block your first.
But we wanted to try explaining the catch, I will create a logic inside tie only first.
Socket used by server, because I'm.
Oh, mentioning here, which soccer, oh my god, he's going to use the 80s.
Server.
Socket.
So do you remember this, I'm going to mention this again.
What is server socket?
So for this purpose, I need to import Java, I need library, my ID explains that you need to improve
your need library.
So what I can do is.
I will import.
Java dot net dot dot.
Also, what I'm going to do is here and I'm you, your stuff.
So as you can see in this reasoning.
So in insect, Java need library server socket is already to no need to create from basic socket, each
and everything.
The syntax is very similar.
Server soccer and you two mentioned poor.
So that's it.
Oh, I'm going to create your.
So why this is showing me because I haven't cleared the block, so.
No, I mean, infinite loop to wait for connection.
So.
Why we need infinite loop because.
Or our program should always.
Our program should always listening for requests from planes to connect our server for that purpose,
I'm considering the infinite loop.
So in the next part, I'm going to explain how we can create in an infinite loop and each and everything.
So I will use some default codes on each and every day.
In the next part, I will explain this.
So this is all about how we can do the server socket.
I already created a server socket, which is using this for.